---
title: Lambda Labs Week 2
date: "2018-11-16T23:46:37.121Z"
---

We were back at it on Tuesday after a long (but unfortunately very busy for me) weekend. My team an I started off a litle bit concerned about the short week and our ability to meet the weekly project requirements. Upon closer inspection, we realized that we had accomplished some of the tasks during he previous week, and that we would be alright.

I paired up with my teammate Brandon mid-morning, and we began working on a strategy for retrieving documents, getting them into our application, and doing something with them. We decided it would be cool if we could display small images of a user's documents as clickable cards, along with a document's status (signed, proofed, etc.). Then, a user could click on the card and view the entire document, along with all of the information needed to verify a chainpoint proof. After trying a few things, we were able to retrieve document images from DocuSign and display them on our site. We ran into some issues saving the images to our database that appeared to be related to the 'blob' format that the images were in. These issues are ongoing.

On Wednesday, I set to taking documents from our database, hashing them, sending them to Chainpoint, and getting proofs back. I envisioned an endpoint on our server that, when hit, would retrieve documents, apply a SHA-256 hashing function to them, and then call a series of functions that would submit the hashes, get the proofs, and verify the proofs. I got everything set up in a way that I thought would work, but I kept getting unfamiliar errors, that I believe to be related to the way I was handling some Promises. After becoming really frustrated, I started down a path where I thought I might be able to do most of the work on the front end. I soon realized that was a dumb idea and was not going to work.

At this point, I was really, really frustrated and decided to get a second opinion. I reached out to Brandon because he and I had previously discussed this aspect of the project, and i knew he was somewhat familiar with what I was trying to do. I began re-writing my code while discussing it with him and he was able to spot some flaws in how I had it structured. After messing with it for a bit, I was able to get it working, and we were receiving proof that our documents had ben anchored to the Chainpoint calendar chain.

Thursday morning, the first thing I did  was chek on the proofed documents from the previous day to see if they had been anchored to the Bitcoin blockchain. After making the API calls to Chainpoint, I still seemed to be getting back information that indicated our documents were only anchored to the Chainpoint calendar chain and not the Bitcoin chain as well. this was unexpected and I spent some more time with the Chainpoint documentation to try and figure out the problem. After rearranging some calls and calling getProofs a second time, in just the right place, I was able to get verification that our documents were, in fact, anchored to both chains (as they should be). I spent the remainder of the morning reading everything I could find about Chainpoint and Tierion (the company behind Chainpoint), in preparation for our meeting with a representative from Chainpoint at 2:30. I have been handling most of the Chainpoint related stuff, and I felt like my team was really counting on me to be knowledgable on the subject. I feel like the meeting went well, so I believe this to be time well spent.